Multistore — Metadata (Update) (#238)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/merchants/get-started/multistore.mdx

From the root of your project, create a `metadata.xlsx` file with contents similar to the following:

| URL | root | placeholders | commerce-website | commerce-store | commerce-storeview |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| /en/** | /en/ | /en/placeholders.json | website_us | store_us | default |
| /en_ca/** | /en_ca/ | /en/placeholders.json<br/>/en_ca/placeholders-overrides.json | website_ca | store_ca | en_ca |

> - **URL**: Defines the URL pattern for pages that should receive this metadata entry. Supports wildcards to match groups of pages (e.g., /en/** for all English pages). This determines which routes the metadata will apply to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **URL**: Defines the URL pattern for pages where metadata should be applied. Wildcards can match groups of pages to which the metadata is applied. For example, `/en/**` matches all pages in the `/en/` (English) directory.
```

- **root**: Specifies the root folder from which all internal document links are resolved. Paths in the content will be considered relative to this directory.

> - **placeholders**: Points to the `placeholders.json` file that provides key-value mappings for dynamic content replacement. You can specify multiple files—each on a new line. When multiple files are listed, the second and subsequent files act as overrides, with their values taking precedence over previous ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **placeholders**: Path to the `placeholders.json` file that provides key-value mappings for dynamic content replacement. You can specify multiple files—each on a new line. When multiple files are listed, the second and subsequent files act as overrides, with their values taking precedence over the previously listed files.
```
